(They’re having a short sightseeing in a Prague airport…)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / yyxy - frozen"
(And the time passes by fast…)
Olivia Hye: We’re on the bus heading to the airplane!
Chuu: Airplane!
Chuu: We have to take the flight about 13 hours…
Yves: (3-syllable poem) 프(p)!
Chuu: 프라이(fry!!
Yves: 라 (La)!
Chuu: Lamen!
Yves: 하 (ha!)
Chuu: Hahaha..
Yves: Ha, i’m gonna eat all day!
Chuu: Ha Soo-Young~
Go Won: Ha Soo-Young ate up all!
(*Ha Soo-Young is Yves' real name)
Yves: It’s been awhile since I heard my name, ‘Ha Soo-Young’
Yves: I feel like tearing up….
Yves: It’s cold!
Go Won: They keep telling me that I have to be standing in the plane!
Go Won: I know it’s not, right?
Yves: No, you’re wrong. ‘F’ means standing!
(They’re trying to capture this moment by taking a photo!)
Chuu: Please take a picture of me!
Yves: (Respect) I think not just anyone can be an Instagram star, right?
(This sky view is beautiful enough to post on Instagram!)
(And finally they arrived at Budapest!)
(What will happen here!)